{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 1. Focus of Comparison
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b Balance vs. Performance:
\f1\b0  If the main goal is to compare how each technique affects model performance (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score), then exact equality in class distribution might not be necessary. Instead, you can focus on how each method improves the model's ability to generalize and make predictions on imbalanced data.\
\

\f0\b Effect of Perfect Balance:
\f1\b0  If you want to specifically investigate the impact of perfectly balanced classes on model performance, you might consider post-processing the resampled datasets to ensure they have exactly equal class distributions. This could involve undersampling the slightly over-represented class after applying ADASYN or SMOTE.\
\

\f0\b\fs30 2. Methodological Consistency
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Consistent Evaluation Criteria: Ensure that you apply the same evaluation criteria and metrics to assess model performance after using both ADASYN and SMOTE. This consistency is crucial for making meaningful comparisons between the techniques.\
\
Dataset Preparation: Keep other aspects of dataset preparation (e.g., feature scaling, train-test splitting) consistent across experiments to isolate the effects of the resampling techniques.\
\

\f0\b\fs30 3. Understanding the Techniques
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Inherent Differences: Recognize that ADASYN and SMOTE have different approaches to addressing class imbalance. ADASYN focuses on generating synthetic samples in regions where the minority class is harder to learn, potentially leading to slightly unequal class distributions. SMOTE aims for a more uniform balance across classes. These inherent differences are part of what you're comparing.\
\

\f0\b\fs30 4. Practical Implications
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Real-world Application: Consider the real-world applicability of each technique. Perfect balance is rare in real-world datasets, and the ability of a technique to improve model performance under slightly imbalanced conditions can be as important as its performance with perfectly balanced classes.\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Conclusion
\f1\b0\fs24 \
For the research, we may choose to compare ADASYN and SMOTE both with and without enforcing exactly equal class distributions post-resampling. This approach can provide insights into how each technique performs under slightly different conditions and how sensitive model performance is to small imbalances in class distribution.\
\
Ultimately, the choice should align with your research questions, objectives, and the specific metrics or outcomes that are most relevant to your study. Documenting the rationale behind your choice will be important for readers to understand the scope and implications of your findings.}